Update A Quick Start Guide to Building ZAP (#1531)
zaproxy/zaproxy-website: site/content/docs/developer/quick-start-build.md

addSocialPreview: true
---

> Ever wanted to experiment with the ZAP codebase but felt intimidated by it? This guide will walk you through the process of building ZAP from the command line regardless of your operating system or IDE of your choice.

Author: Should I bring the original statement back or just remove the "of your choice" ?

```

### Make Changes and Submit a PR!

> We welcome any changes made by a Contributor following a review process conducted by a ZAP core team member. Prior to submittion of a PR, A contributor must strictly adhere to the [Guidelines](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/blob/c6fbfcb2035f5a452af59a1a9080855c06bde4c0/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines-for-pull-request-pr-submission-and-processing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We welcome any changes made by a Contributor following a review process conducted by a ZAP core team member. Prior to submission of a PR, please be aware contributions must adhere to the [Guidelines](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines-for-pull-request-pr-submission-and-processing).
```

```

### Make Changes and Submit a PR!

> We welcome any changes made by a Contributor following a review process conducted by a ZAP core team member. Prior to submission of a PR, please be aware: Contributions must adhere to the [Guidelines](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines-for-pull-request-pr-submission-and-processing).

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer if this didn't go into details saying how many core team members do the reviews, as is now it seems that a single reviewer is enough but as mentioned in the linked page it's usually required two.

Reviewer: > We welcome any changes made by a Contributor following a review process. Prior to submission of a PR, please be aware: Contributions must adhere to the [Guidelines](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#guidelines-for-pull-request-pr-submission-and-processing).
